This package of files is supplied to help prepare papers for submission in the
Proceedings for the ADASS 2019 conference held in Groningen, The Netherlands.

Last updated: 17-Jun-2019 by Jelle de Plaa

It contains the following files:

README                     - this file.
Makefile                   - useful for those who like terminal commands
makedefs                   - author macros to be included by the Makefile

ManuscriptInstructions.pdf - Guidelines for preparing an ADASS paper

ADASS_template.tex         - an example template file for an ADASS 2018 paper.
example.bib                - an example BibTeX file used by ADASS_template.tex
example.eps                - an example graphics file used by ADASS_template.tex

ADASS_template.pdf         - the result of running LaTeX on ADASS_template.tex

asp2014.bst                - the required ASP bibliography style file.
asp2014.sty                - the required ASP LaTeX style file.

PaperCheck.py              - a Python script used to check an ADASS paper
Index.py                   - a Python script used to generate subject index entries
Aindex.py                  - a Python script used helping to ...
FixUnprintable.py          - a Python script used helping to ...
tex2inc.py                 - a python script to process standalone tex to include version
ascl.py                    - a python script to suggest ASCL entries
MergeSubjectIndexes.py     - a python script to merge subjectKeyword.txt type files
SubjectEntries2Index.py    - a python script to help with index
AdassChecks.py             - a Python module used by PaperCheck.py
TexScanner.py              - a Python module used by AdassChecks.py
AdassConfig.py             - a Python module used by Index.py
AdassIndex.py              - a Python module used by Index.py

subjectKeywords.txt        - set of recent subject index entries, used by Index.py
asclKeywords.txt           - list of ASCL codes for the ascl.py checker

manual2010.pdf             - The ASP "Instructions for Authors and Editors".
copyrightform.pdf          - The ASP copyright form

github:
-------

Although each ADASS conference will draw its proceedings preparation package, the original github
repo from which that package is drawn, is available on https://github.com/astroumd/ADASSProceedings
Typically each year will develop the new release on a branch (e.g. "2018" for the College Park version)
and merge this back to the master for the next year team goes to work.

Authors will not need to know about that, but you may run into some editor specific comments or
commands in the Makefile or the python scripts. 


Preparing your manuscript:
-------------------------

The best usage is to prepare your paper in this Author_Template directory. If you
author two papers, that will work too, but preparing your tar or zip file is
much easier if you use a parallel Author_Template.

Read the ManuscriptInstructions.pdf file. The ADASS_template.tex file gives you 
a basic template for your ADASS paper. For additional details look in the 
first section of the ASP's "Instructions for Authors and Editors", but note
that this is now some years old and current requirements have changed slightly.
In particular, ADASS papers that cite references MUST supply these references
in a .bib BibTeX file like the example.bib file provided here.

You will need to run LaTeX on your .tex file, then run BibTeX to process the
references, and then will need to run LaTeX again up to three times to get all
the cross-references right. The exact command on your OS may vary, but the
included Makefile may help you guide. ASP does not use pdflatex, so try and stick
to latex (we only allow EPS figures, not PNG or JPG; see below)

Editing your paper in overleaf (https://www.overleaf.com/) is also known to work:
simply upload (as a ZIP file is the easiest) the template, the two asp2014 files,
and optionally your BIB file and EPS figures. Don't start from scratch, or your file
will be likely named main.tex

Optionally in 2019 we have personalized templates, based on your abstract, in
https://www.adass2019.nl/<template_location>. The instructions within that
template are even more terse than in ADASS_template.tex , so be warned if some
of this material is new to you.

Adding subject index entries
----------------------------

It will help the ADASS editors if you add subject index entries for important
terms mentioned in your paper. The Index.py script can help to generate these,
and full details can be found in an appendix in ManuscriptInstructions.pdf.

In your document they should appear a commented \ssindex{} entries, e.g.

   %\ssindex{foobar}

You can also use the following word-cloud type command chain in unix:

    detex $(P).tex | grep -o -E '\w+' | sort | uniq -c | sort -n

If your "unix" doesn't have detex, use cat.

Adding ASCL index entries
-------------------------

It will help the ADASS editors if you add ASCL index entries for codes that
you are mentioning in your paper. The ascl.py script can help to generate these,
but it known to give lots of false positives. Nonetheless, you can cut and paste
the correct ones (as a latex comment) in your document, e.g.

   %\ooindex{TOPCAT, ascl:1101.010}

Checking your manuscript
------------------------

Your paper should typeset without generating any LaTeX errors or warnings. 
Overfull hbox warnings in particular need to be fixed. (In some cases underfull
hbox and vbox warnings may be tolerable.)

PaperCheck.py is a copy of a basic paper checking program that will be run by 
the ADASS editors on all submitted papers. It looks for a number of common
problems that have been found in submitted papers. You should run it on your
paper before packaging it up for submission, and should fix any problems it 
finds. The header comments in PaperCheck.py describe how to run it in detail,
but essentially all you have to do is:

    PaperCheck.py Paper Author

where Paper is the identifier for your paper, eg O10-3 or P8-2 etc, and
Author is the surname of the first author of the paper.

Packaging and submitting your paper:
-----------------------------------

You should create a .tar file with a name based on the identifier for your paper and 
including a version number, starting at 1.
e.g. example P10-3_v1.tar. This should contain:

The .tex LaTeX file
The .bib file defining any cited references
And .eps graphics files used by the paper
The resulting .pdf file for the paper, so we can see how you got it.
A signed copyright form.

(If there are problems typesetting your paper, your copy of the .pdf file for
the paper will at least show the editors what you expected it to look like. If
you have already supplied a paper copy of the copyright form, you do not need
to include this. Note that electronic signatures are not acceptable - sign the
form and scan it.)

https://www.howtogeek.com/164668/how-to-electronically-sign-documents-without-printing-and-scanning-them/

(Zip files are also acceptable, using the same naming convention, eg P10-3_v1.zip.)

Submit the .tar file as instructed on the ADASS 2019 web site. If you need to
submit a revised version, submit ALL the required files in a new .tar file - do
not just submit the modified files - and append a version number to the name,
eg P10-3_v2.tar.

To sum up, here is an example of the files (no directories please) that the editors
like to see:

   P1-2.tex
   P1-2.bib
   P1-2_f1.eps
   P1-2_f2.eps
   makedefs
   P1-2.pdf

you really don't need to send us *any* other type files. Save the electrons!

Using the Makefile:
-------------------

The added Makefile could help you as well, if you like that kind of
thing.  The Makefile will read a "makedefs" file, where the macros
P, A, E, V and FIGS can (and should) be overridden from the Makefile.
This file is automatically included in your tar/zip file.


      make pdf check tar

Help
----

We realize that a lot of info is duplicated. From "too much" to "too litlle"
you have the following files :

   1. manual2010.pdf
   2. ManuscriptInstructions.pdf
   3. README                       (this file)
   4. ADASS_template.tex
   5. P1-2.tex                 (your personalized template introduced at ADASS 2019)

good luck!
